[Documentation:Developer] Updated Installation Instructions (#622)
Submitty/submitty.github.io: _docs/developer/troubleshooting/installation_troubleshooting.md

  ```
  VM_PORT_SITE=1512 vagrant up
  ```
  *  Steps to edit the env file
  

>   Go inside of the repo and find a file with name "Vagrantfile"
>   ![img.png](img.png)
>   Open it in the Text Editor and change the port which is throwing the error and change it with the port of your choice
> ![img_2.png](img_2.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. Go to Submitty install directory and locate the file named "Vagrantfile."
  2. Open the "Vagrantfile" in a text editor.
  ![img.png](img.png)
  3. Identify the port causing the error and change it to a port of your choice.
  ![img_2.png](img_2.png)
```

  ```
  VM_PORT_SITE=1512 vagrant up
  ```
  *  Steps to edit the env file
  
  1. Go to Submitty install directory and locate the file named "Vagrantfile."

>   2. Open the "Vagrantfile" in a text editor.

Reviewer 2: Developers should not manually edit the Vagrantfile. Doing so will make it difficult for git commit tracking.

Reviewer: This is indeed true, unless dev puts it in git ignore, it can mess with tracking. On my second thought, I think we should revert this change entirely.

Author: Yeah, it's true that it will make tracking a little bit difficult, but they should be aware of how they can create the env file.

We can do one thing: add one more line about that to put it in gitignore or not to commit it as a note.

Reviewer 2: Gitignore is also a tracked file, so you will run into even more issues by editing it.
We already have instructions on creating the env file, see the last bullet under https://submitty.org/developer/troubleshooting/installation_troubleshooting#forwarded-port-already-in-use
It used to be the first bullet under the heading, but it looks like it got pushed down by later additions.

Author: Hmm, let me remove it.

Author: Yeah, I get it.

  ```
  VM_PORT_SITE=1512 vagrant up
  ```

>     

Reviewer: this should be reverted
